Dear DMCA Agent:  
  
We represent Elasticsearch, Inc. and elasticsearch B.V. (collectively "ELASTIC") in connection with the protection of ELASTIC's intellectual property, including ELASTIC's copyrights in its software. We are duly authorized to act on ELASTIC's behalf. It has come to our attention that third parties have been violating ELASTIC's copyrights in its X-Pack Kibana plugin source code in content hosted on GitHub. We hereby provide notice of copyright infringements pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and GitHub's DMCA Takedown Policy.  
  
ELASTIC is the copyright owner of its proprietary X-Pack Kibana plugin and Shield Kibana plugin software (collectively "X-Pack Kibana plugin"). ELASTIC has registered its copyrights in the X-Pack Kibana plugin source code with the United States Copyright Office under Registration Numbers TX 8-796-945, TX 8-777-406, TX 8-777-412, TX 8-778-023, TX 8-778-024, TX 8-796-010, and TX 8-796-013. The GitHub repository for the X-Pack Kibana plugin is located at https://github.com/elastic/kibana/tree/master/x-pack.  
  
GitHub's service provides access to content that infringes ELASTIC's copyrights in the X-Pack Kibana plugin. Specifically, there is a repository located at:  

[private]
  
that contains material that illegally infringes ELASTIC's copyrights in the X-Pack Kibana plugin because that material, at least, duplicates and/or contains derivative works of ELASTIC's copyrighted works. This repository also has forks that contain infringing content. A list of the infringing repository and forks that ELASTIC has identified to date can be found in Appendix A to this letter. No ELASTIC license permits this infringing activity.  
  
The infringers of ELASTIC's copyrights in the X-Pack Kibana plugin include at least [private]. [private] may be contacted at: [private]. [private]'s email address is [private]. [private]'s GitHub username is: [private]. The usernames associated with the infringing forks of [private]'s repository are: aigod, Bitergia, acs, dlumbrer, raghu999, cyinll, dfpy2332, elarib, Esquive, fooololo, ganessen23, guanghaofan, Guavus, isalgueiro, isra17, jjkkhhll, JMNDev, kratosmat, kristian-kocher, kundan8239, lisee, luyuncheng, lvkunpeng, Nuwansenanayake, oxcert, qakart, sabau, Sawadski, seraphjiang, sirensolutions, benhe119, wtakase, wujiandong, xenoid, yangvipguang, ywww, and ZhengRongTan.  
  
We therefore request that GitHub remove or disable access to the infringing repository and forks listed in Appendix A, pursuant to Section 512(c) of the DMCA (17 U.S.C. ยง 512(c)) and GitHub's Terms of Service and DMCA Takedown Policy. ELASTIC requests complete removal of the infringing repository and forks as described above and Appendix A.  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear under penalty of perjury that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
Nothing contained in this letter is intended as or should be construed to be a waiver or relinquishment of any right or remedy held by our clients, all of which are expressly reserved.  
  
Sincerely,  
  
[private]   
of O'Melveny & Myers LLP  
  
[private]  
  
APPENDIX A: List of Infringing Repository and Forks to Be Removed  
  
[private] - Original Repository  
https://github.com/aigod/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/Bitergia/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/acs/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/dlumbrer/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/raghu999/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/cyinll/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/dfpy2332/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/elarib/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/Esquive/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/fooololo/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/ganessen23/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/guanghaofan/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/Guavus/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/isalgueiro/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/isra17/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/jjkkhhll/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/JMNDev/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/kratosmat/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/kristian-kocher/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/kundan8239/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/lisee/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/luyuncheng/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/lvkunpeng/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/Nuwansenanayake/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/oxcert/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/qakart/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/sabau/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/Sawadski/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/seraphjiang/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/sirensolutions/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/benhe119/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/wtakase/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/wujiandong/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/xenoid/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/yangvipguang/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/ywww/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
https://github.com/ZhengRongTan/search-guard-kibana-plugin - Fork  
  
O'Melveny  
[private]  
[private]  
O'Melveny & Myers LLP  
[private]  
